= Rack GemAssets

This is a Rack Middleware which will find and send static files provided by loaded gems.

=== Asset search rules

1. if the path starts with <tt>/vendor/:name</tt> (eg: <tt>/vendor/my-assets-gem/image.jpg</tt>)
   we will look for a loaded gem called <tt>:name</tt> and find a file in there first.
   Otherwise we search each loaded gems.
2. For each gem in our search list we will look in the <tt>:assets_dir</tt> directory under the <tt>full_gem_path</tt> (next to the lib dir).
   if this directory contains a file with the specified path we send it.
3. if the path ends with a slash we remove it. then we append <tt>.html</tt>
   (eg: <tt>/pages/about/ => /pages/about.html</tt>, <tt>/pages/about => /pages/about.html</tt>)
4. If we still dont have a match we append <tt>/index.html</tt>
   (eg: <tt>/pages/about/ => /pages/about/index.html</tt>, <tt>/pages/about => /pages/about/index.html</tt>)
5. If we still don't have a match we pass the request to the sub app.

=== Configuration

* <tt>:assets_dir</tt>: the sub directory where we will look for assets. (default: <tt>public</tt>)
* <tt>:xsendfile</tt>: use X-Sendfile to send files.(default: <tt>true</tt>)

=== Rails Configuration

  config.gem "rack-gem-assets", :lib => "rack/gem_assets", :source => "http://gemcutter.org"
  config.middleware.use "Rack::GemAssets", :assets_dir => 'assets', :xsendfile => false

=== X-Sendfile Configuration

Your apache config needs to include these configuration directives:

  XSendFile           On # enable X-Sendfile
  XSendFileAllowAbove On # allow X-Sendfile to access files outside of the Directory

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
  bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Simon Menke. See LICENSE for details.
